Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
It's not easy
to move past certain things.
I don't know how
anyone ever could.
Especially this...
75% of the world. maybe more.
We still don't know.
Gone.
Five years since impact.
but Clarke
wasn't done with us yet.
Fragments stuck in our orbit.
pelting us without warning.
We tried rebuilding.
but the world wasn't ready.
Forcing us back inside.
Radiation hit
differently everywhere.
Most places burned out.
Others. for reasons we don't
understand. stayed green.
Life. finding a way
through the contamination.
Our bunker's holding on.
We're doing the best we can.
It's not easy
living underground.
But we find joy when we can.
Together.
Microphone check.
One. two. One. two.
Loud and clear. John.
You know what I woke up
thinking about today?
Let's hear it.
Biscuits and gravy.
That'd be nice.
I'd trade my left arm
for a decent cup of coffee.
Peckman's Diner
made the best.
Across the street
from Piedmont Park.
Walk over for one
of those summer concerts.
Blue sky. grass. people.
Beer.
Sounds like paradise.
Oh. it was.
Jesus.
Another fissure's opened up.
More lava?
Yeah. and they're
getting bigger.
Okay. looks like we've got
a few lifeboats.
And another ghost ship.
A destroyer.
Nice.
Feelin' lucky today?
Always. I'm starting
with the lifeboats.
see what's there.
Good luck out there.
Heading to the destroyer.
We're seeing
a pressure storm
building off the coast.
but it looks like
you've got a little time.
I won't hang around.
Jackpot.
Entering the bridge.
Oh. I've found something else.
What is it. John?
The crew.
Shit.
Oh. how beautiful.
John...
John. can you hear me?
That storm just took
a turn right for you.
You'd better get outta there
now and get back here!
On my way.
Exiting ship now.
How much time do I have?
None.
It's right on top of you.
Come on...
I'm staying ahead of it.
but it's gaining.
Shit. base...
This one's coming in fast!
John!
John. where are you?
I'm moving
as fast as I can!
Open the east tunnel!
Open the door!
Open the door! Get it open!
The storm is too close!
We have to close
the blast doors. John!
I can make it!
Close. close. close!
Go. go. go. go. go!
John. are you in?
Bucharest. Romania.
The city has been destroyed
by the earthquakes.
We're trapped under...
Mumbai. India.
Salt water is still
rising fast.
FEMA planned for two years.
We've stretched
our resources to five.
So we're basically
running on fumes?
Yes. We are getting too close.
Hopefully in a year
we're outside planting.
Well. we have
measured a 4% reduction
in coulomb per kilogram
in the last three months.
We still can't predict
when it'll be safe
levels again. but...
-But it's improving. yeah?
-Yes.
Though that's mostly
off the coast.
Yeah. Hopefully the winds
will eventually
clear out the radiation.
No. that's not exactly
how it works.
Continuous radiation exposure.
even at those low levels
still leads to fatality.
We should discuss
our contingency plans.
Okay. yeah. Um...
Canada. and much
of the US. gone.
Iceland. gone.
Western Europe?
There are reports
of fewer storms there. right?
-Yes.
-But is the air safe?
Safer than here.
Didn't we just say that
dying slowly is still dying?
I mean. am I right. Dr. Amina?
-Isn't it the same over there?
-Yes.
Dr. Amina. what's the latest
on the crater?
Well. my colleagues
at other stations
have theorized
the same thing.
And I've run my
own calculations.
We can't fully explain it.
but it seems the size
and shape of the crater walls
prevent the radioactive storms
from forming.
This combined with its depth
are what's making it
such a safe zone.
We believe it's what's keeping
the polluted air
from getting in.
But. Dr. Amina.
even if it was real.
it's in Southern France.
How exactly
are we gonna get there?
There have been
reports of fighting.
insurgency. civil war.
Europe is in chaos.
Please let's...
Let's stick to reality.
Attention residents.
this is your daily reminder
to report any malfunctioning
air filtration...
Please ration
carefully and only...
There's people here
who say it's the new normal.
Well. we're going on...
-five years now?
-Mmm-hmm.
So it isn't all that new.
And it definitely
ain't normal.
You know.
it's no accident there were
twice as many
therapists selected
as there were surgeons.
People are dealing with an
incredible amount of trauma.
Why does everybody
pretend like they're not. huh?
-Do you?
-Pretend?
Mmm-hmm.
Sometimes.
Maybe you should stop.
Well. maybe you can recommend
a good therapist
that can help me with that.
Mine's pretty good.
So. uh...
Allison. Nathan. how are they?
They're getting by.
I think. I hope.
Openness is important. Uh...
Well. they're pretty open
with me.
I meant the other way around.
Seems like there's been
more of those lately.
The tectonic plates
are shifting again.
It's triggering a lot
of activity in this region.
This bunker survived Clarke.
It'll survive tremors.
There's one more thing
we should discuss.
The distress signal
we received from outside.
We cannot afford to feed
50 more mouths.
We can't afford five.
I know.
but these people are living
in caves and mineshafts.
Yes. and we don't know
if they're bringing disease
or how much radiation
they've absorbed.
Okay. We just let them die.
We tell them we are not
currently in a position
to be of assistance.
-Yeah?
-No.
We put it to a vote
like everything else.
Motion to send out
a rescue party?
I second.
General...
The vote stands.
We'll send out
the Snowcat tomorrow.
And as we look
at the northern sky.
which constellation is this?
- Gemini?
- No. No. not Gemini.
Nathan?
Oh. um. it's Cassiopeia.
You can tell by its W-shape.
Why do we have to
learn so much about the stars?
Well. maybe
we should have paid
a little more attention
to them in the past.
Clarke wasn't a star.
it was a comet.
Still is.
But it already hit the ground.
The biggest
part of it did.
but the smaller bits
that didn't.
they got caught
in our gravitational field.
Created what is known
as a ghost ring.
♪ You catch my breath
on the morning light ♪
♪ A thousand times
and it still surprises me ♪
♪ I fall asleep where
I like to think our dreams ♪
♪ Collide... ♪
Lars. what is this shit?
What? It's classical
rock and roll.
If you mean classic rock.
then this ain't it.
Gimme the Stones.
the Allman Brothers...
Michael McDonald.
now that's classical rock.
Billy Ocean. Also pretty cool.
Just turn
the valve on already.
Come on. baby. Here we go!
Whoo! Back in business!
Nice!
We can drink some water again.
Mom...
Mom. I can explain.
Nathan. I don't
want to hear it!
You hear how your dad's
coughing at night. right?
Yeah.
Get in.
Oh. I hate this place.
Come here. I know.
It's okay.
-Do you know it?
-Yes. of course!
Impossible.
Hey. what did I miss?
He has never heard this song.
You've never heard
this song before?
-I like it though. huh?
-Yeah? Then come dance.
Oh. okay. Let's...
I'm gonna dance
to the song I've never heard.
Good.
Oh. I know
it's a little late. but...
Da-da-da-dah.
Happy belated Valentine's Day.
Where'd you find it?
In that destroyer.
Amongst some other stuff.
I can finally fix my radio.
What about the pressure pump
for desalination?
General Sharpe was saying
that the water levels
are getting low.
I'm sorry.
I love it. Thank you.
- Whoo!
- Thank you.
What about you. young man?
How was your day?
Fine.
Is there anything else
you wanna say
to your father. Nathan?
Security found him outside.
Outside. outside?
Yep.
Are you kidding me?
How long
were you out there for?
Only a few minutes.
-Did you wear a mask?
-Yeah.
And there wasn't a storm.
It's too dangerous for you
to be going outside!
-What are you thinking?
-I know.
You told me.
the radiation. the ash.
I understand.
Look. son. I know how much
it sucks being down here.
-I get it.
-Try being 15.
Yeah. well. you're not
listening to me!
-Look. wait...
-Can I be excused?
He's just trying to figure
things out. I guess.
-No. no...
-He's also sensitive.
No. he's being an idiot.
Like you.
Going outside?
Oh...
Yeah.
Takes after his father.
♪ Everyone I know... ♪
-Come on.
-No. no. Allison. no.
If your lady asks for a dance.
how can you say no?
-Thank you. Lars.
-Thank you. Thank you. Lars.
Come on.
All right. all right.
♪ If it takes all night ♪
♪ That'll be all right ♪
♪ If I can get you to smile
before I leave... ♪
Are you taking care
of yourself?
Yeah... yeah.
Base. this is Rover One
returning with a full load.
Are we ready to receive
the migrants?
Prepare to open
the West Tunnel ramp.
Have the decontamination
teams ready.
Copy.
Come on. come on. come on.
Morning. mate.
I was thinking we. uh.
start on the intake pump
today. Larsy.
Tackle the rest after lunch?
Shit.
Confirmed
personnel incoming...
Copy. Hold. One.
Sir. seeking authorization
for a second trip.
They left a lot
of people behind.
A second trip?
-No way.
-Before we make any decisions.
let's just figure out exactly
what we're talking about.
Weren't we discussing
limited resources?
Where are they going to sleep?
In your bed?
If it's gonna save lives. yes.
...approach
...now.
Uh. bad copy.
Rover One. Repeat.
We don't have much time...
Are we approved?
Hold tight.
A reading on that...
Rover One. repeat.
Oh. Jesus!
Oh!
Lars. Lars...
Lars help me.
You all right?
Attention all personnel...
Allison!
Allison. you okay?
There you go.
All right. You hurt?
Okay. You all right?
-Yeah...
-Let's get you up.
Let's get...
-Nathan... Nathan!
-We've gotta go. Now.
-Do you seen him?
-No.
Nathan!
Dad!
- I can't breathe.
- Are you hurt?
-You can breathe.
-We've gotta get out of here!
Yeah. let's pack our bags!
Food. clothes.
Everything we've got.
-Okay.
-All right. Nathan?
I need you
to be with me. kiddo.
You've got this. Nathan.
Help your mum.
Pack your stuff.
All right.
I'm gonna go get some masks.
Pack your stuff.
Take everything you need.
Get your insulin.
As much as you can
and you put it all
in the bag. okay?
We're not coming back.
Jacket. clothes...
anything that'll fit in there.
Okay. I've got some masks.
There you go.
Right. put this on.
Right. kiddo. Yep.
-You good?
-Yeah. I'm good.
You good?
Let's go!
I'm stuck!
We're not gonna get
through here!
-Where are we gonna go?
-To the East Tunnel!
Shit! Go. go!
It's collapsed!
We don't have
any other choice!
-John?
-Allison!
-It's falling down!
-I've got you! Come on!
All right. you're good.
Come on. we've gotta go.
we've gotta go!
Come on. come on!
Okay. are we covered up
as much as possible?
- Yes.
- Check your masks!
Everything's good.
Go. go. go!
The radiation.
what do we do?
We've gotta get off
this island.
This way. to the beach.
Nathan!
Where's Nathan?
Where'd he go?
- Nathan!
- Mom. Dad. over here!
There!
Doctor Amina!
- You okay?
- Dr. Casey?
Can you stand?
Come on. let's get up.
There's lifeboats
on the beach.
Let's go. Let's go!
All right. make sure
to follow me!
There are more boats
at the end of the beach!
Come on!
Help!
-Just give it.
-No!
John! Over here!
Allison!
Stop! Let him go!
Stay back!
There's one more! Come on!
There's one more over there!
Hurry!
Come on!
We've gotta go.
We've gotta go now!
Okay! Go. go. go!
No more! Shut the door!
No! Let them in!
We can make room!
No more!
We'll capsize like the others!
Secure the hatch!
We can't take any more.
I'm sorry!
Don't leave us!
You okay? All right.
Wait! Wait! No!
All right.
everybody okay?
Dad! Dad!
Oh. my God! Oh. my God!
Everybody. hold on!
Oh. my God!
Brace! Brace!
You okay. Nathan?
I'm good.
It's gone.
It's all gone.
Hey. I think the air
quality's good. Better.
-We can take off the masks?
-Yeah.
-You all right?
Let me see you.
Where do we go?
There's nothing to go back to.
Isn't Iceland
the closest place to here?
Ice... Iceland's gone.
Well. we need a destination.
We just need to hit land.
Clarke changed the direction
of the current.
It's now flowing south.
We have with us barely
a week's supply
of MREs and water.
I. uh... Europe is probably
our best bet.
So. that's good.
Then we head southeast.
Until we reach England.
If we can get to London.
we can go to Mackenzie's.
Perfect.
Should take less than a week.
Pray we make it.
Southeast.
Okay.
Try it now?
All right.
Let me try one more thing.
Okay.
There she goes.
How many fragments
do you think are up there?
More than I can count.
that's for sure.
And so at least 50.
Whoa. That's Andromeda.
- That's a whole other galaxy.
- Wow.
I can't believe
I'm seeing the stars for real.
It's pretty cool. huh?
I hope you never lose that.
That... wonder of yours.
I wonder where
that's gonna hit.
I'll take a look.
It's not that.
We're outta gas.
And maybe we can ration...
two more days
of water and MREs.
We're at the mercy
of the current now.
So wait.
where did you end up then?
-We ended in Shenandoah.
-Really?
Oh. you know. I've always
wanted to go there.
- Yeah. it was great.
- Was it?
My wife wanted to do
the whole trip. but I ended up
cutting it short
so I could take a new job.
Seemed like a big deal
at the time.
Your wife.
Did you lose her
leaving the bunker?
No. I lost her getting...
getting to it.
Need some...
Oh. I need food.
Crater.
The crater has enough...
Build a bunker. and...
Swim...
We need to make it.
Oh. my God.
What did we hit?
Oh. my God!
- It's land. guys.
- What is that?
We've hit land!
That's the Liver Building.
We're in Liverpool!
- What?
- England!
What?
- What?
- In England? Oh. my God!
The air's okay. for now.
We'll need to find shelter.
What did we hit?
Oh. my God.
Here. we're on a...
We're on a building top.
Let's get these oars
and push us off.
- You ready?
- Yeah.
There's a road up ahead.
Lieutenant.
Can you steer us
round that way?
Okay.
-Dan. you reverse.
-Yeah.
-With the paddle.
-Yeah. got it.
Oh. there we go.
All right. let's go.
Stay close.
We don't know
what's out there.
Come on. kiddo. Good stuff.
It looks. uh. abandoned.
All right.
first thing's first.
we need to find some
food and water.
And we can't stay up here
the whole time.
so a proper place
for everybody to shelter.
Wasn't there a bomb shelter
or a bunker in this area?
Yeah. but we've never had
any contact with them.
Still. we should try
to find it.
Oh. look.
there's people there.
Where are they?
Where are your politicians?
Your noble kings?
They are all underground.
Only the true God...
How do they live outside?
...since the beginning
of time...
They probably
don't have a choice.
But they can't survive
for long.
There's more people that way.
No badges!
Clearance badges only!
No badges! No entry!
We have badges!
Hey. hey. hey. hey! Hey!
We're governing officials
from Greenland Station!
And we're requesting
emergency asylum!
Give me your clearance badges!
- Badges.
- Here. Here.
She's clear. Come through.
I can't find my badge!
I can't find my badge.
Then that's it! Just her!
Listen!
Listen. they're with us!
One badge! One entry!
We're Allison's family!
My name's Adam Shaw!
Move back!
I'm from Thule bunker
in Greenland.
Just run me in your system!
I'm a governing official!
My name's Adam Shaw!
You should find me
in your system!
I'm a governing
official from...
Oh. Christ!
Let us in!
-Back up!
-Close the gates!
What have you done?
Adam? Adam!
What's happening?
-Move! Move!
We've gotta go.
We've gotta get out of here!
Let's go! We've gotta go!
All right. okay.
Casey. come on.
- Casey!
- We've gotta go! He's gone!
Whoa. whoa. whoa!
Yo. yo. yo. yo. yo. yo!
Wait! No. no. no.
no. no. no. no!
Wait. wait. wait. wait!
-What? Move. my friend!
-We need a ride.
I need to go.
Oh. you've gotta take
our family. please.
-Where?
-Uh. London. London.
-London! Mackenzie's.
-Okay. London. London.
You have to give me something.
We don't have anything!
That will do.
-Enter.
-Go. go. go. go!
All right. there you go.
Thank you.
Oh. my God. Oh. my God!
Oh. my God.
Hey. Hey. hey. hey. hey.
look at me.
It's okay. it's okay.
It's all right. Okay.
Deep breaths.
We're gonna go to Mac's.
Everything is gonna be okay.
Okay?
Is everywhere like this?
The world is a dangerous
place now.
People are so desperate.
they'll kill you
for a scrap of food.
A radiation storm
like that one.
they come out of nowhere.
Kill you in seconds.
And if they don't
get you quick.
you'll die
a slow death anyway.
Hmm.
Yeah...
Great.
The air filtration in here.
how is it?
It works.
but none of us are living
to a hundred. my friend.
Babe. when was the last time
you spoke to Mackenzie?
Um. eight or nine months ago.
Dr. Amina?
Do you believe it's real?
The crater?
Yeah. I believe it's possible.
So it is just like
the dinosaurs. the K-T event.
Nathan. do you know what
happened after the K-T event?
Life came back.
Not just came back.
It flourished.
The impact created
the seeds for new life.
Without the K-T event.
we wouldn't even be here.
We are close.
Maybe another half hour
to London.
Let's make this quick.
Don't wanna spend
too long outside.
What's your name?
Obi.
Where are you from. Obi?
Nigeria.
Right.
I moved to England
12 years ago.
I used to hear
about life here.
It was a childish
dream of mine.
Well. I'm sorry this
is what you got instead.
No. I still love it here.
It's become my second wife.
Though sometimes
I do wonder...
what it would be like
to go back.
If I'd still recognize
anything at all.
Mmm.
What do you hear about people
heading further south.
over into France?
France is more dangerous
than here.
Is that because
of what's over there?
You mean the stuff
your scientist friend there
was talking about?
-Yeah.
-Sounds nice.
Also sounds like ashi gi.
Bullshit.
You good?
Yeah.
Whoa. what is that?
Another storm?
No. that's not a storm.
Allison!
Grab onto something!
Come. come!
There.
Obi! No!
It's all I have!
-You okay?
-Yeah.
I hope she's still here.
-Mac!
-Oh. sh...
Bloody hell! Bloody...
-Get inside! Come!
-Mac!
-Get inside!
-Is that loaded?
- Oh!
- Hi.
Get inside!
How are you on my doorstep
right now?
I haven't heard from you
for so long!
I was beginning
to fear the worst.
Oh. and John! I never thought
I'd see that ugly mug again!
-Oh...
-You're looking good. Mac.
Oh. liar.
Oh. this must be the man. yes!
You're all your mum
ever talks about!
-Really?
-Yeah.
Nearly all. I think.
Honestly. I can't believe
my eyes.
Oh. wow. You're celebrating
Christmas early.
Oh. every day
is Christmas here.
Here. just put your bags
down anywhere
and just make yourselves
at home.
Honestly. I can't believe...
Um. also the air is really
a lot better than the outside.
I managed to seal off
this wing of the hospital
and the generator keeps
the filtration system going.
It's not as good as the air
you're used to in the bunkers.
but it'll give us
a few more years.
-Thank you.
-Please. no.
You're family. honestly.
I mean. I dream about our time
in the States.
Those American boys.
They're suckers for an accent.
Ah. So are the girls.
-Hey.
-What are you treating here?
Oh. Alzheimer's.
And. well. broken hearts.
Most of them have no idea
what happened
to their families
or anything about the comet.
Which is probably
just as well.
So I stayed on.
Even when the government
stopped delivering food
and the lights turned off.
I won't let them
be abandoned again.
Actually. speaking of which.
it's time I prepped
their supper.
Oh well. I'll help.
Oh. that's so kind. Thank you.
Hey John. um. you and Nathan
grab some more coals.
I feel like celebrating!
Run back in.
Oh. my God. just...
Whoa. it's amazing!
Okay. How's this?
See? That's still better.
We finally spoke.
this is finally...
-Cheers everybody.
-Cheers!
Guys. this almost
feels normal. Almost.
Yeah. Almost.
Oh. he's still sleeping?
Ah. that's good.
Poor kid is exhausted.
Does he remember
the impact at all?
Yeah. he does.
I was hoping he would forget
with time. but he hasn't.
He's just...
I guess he's still processing.
God. you can't put Clarke
in a box.
Not when you're reminded
of it every time
you look out the window.
What do you know. Mac.
about the crater?
You know. the...
where Clarke hit?
Are you thinking of buying
a holiday home?
No. I've just heard rumors.
just a load of rumors.
No. because Casey thinks
there's a possibility
life returned there. right?
Yeah. I do. Yeah.
Let's say you have extremely
high temperatures. right?
And you added in raw materials
and. uh.
the ocean water
from the tsunami.
Throw in some
terrigenous nutrients
from the rocks smashed
during impact.
then it's possible
you could. uh...
You could create the building
blocks for new life.
Mmm.
Breathable air.
Drinkable water.
It's... it's possible.
That's a nice thought.
But. um. you know.
what I've made here is.
it's good enough
to survive these days.
And it's safe. you know?
I've made it safe.
Oh...
Okay. safer than outside.
Hey!
London isn't
London anymore.
-John. are you okay?
-Yeah. yeah.
-Oh. my God. you're bleeding.
-Yeah.
Yeah. Must be the air.
Nosebleed.
John...
What's going on?
Just... I've got a nosebleed.
Bullshit.
The doctor said. um...
when symptoms start...
bleeding...
six to eight weeks.
Six weeks? What?
I mean. it may be more. I...
What are you talking about?
That can't be right.
We're here now. with Mac.
She has medicine.
I'm sure we can get
you the right medication.
-Ali. no. Ali...
-And everything will be okay.
Ali...
It's not fixable.
What do you mean?
It's...
Too many trips outside. I guess.
Why didn't you tell me?
-I wanted to...
-John!
I wanted to...
Why?
Because I couldn't see this...
I couldn't see this from you.
I couldn't...
Okay. all right.
Okay. okay. okay.
Look at me.
Okay.
Okay. We're gonna stay here.
with Mac.
And we're gonna take
this time that we have left
and we're gonna be together
as a family.
We can't stay here. Ali.
I don't wanna stay here.
I don't wanna die here.
I don't want you and Nathan
to live here.
We didn't come all this way
for this!
I mean. what if Casey's right?
About the crater.
There's something there.
like a fresh. a new beginning.
For you. For our son.
Half of his life
has been surviving.
We have to get Nathan
to the crater.
I know.
There's no life for him here.
-Okay.
You're sure you're okay
with us taking this?
Oh. well. I took it
from someone else.
And it should have enough fuel
to get you to the Channel.
-Yeah.
-Take this.
And don't stop for anyone.
You're gonna wanna head
down through Dover.
It's the only place you'll
be able to cross the Channel.
Thank you.
Oh...
Okay.
- Take care of my girl!
- I will.
Oh. Nate...
-Nice to meet you.
-Bye. Nate.
Okay.
So according to this map.
we should get there
in about two hours.
You're very quiet there. bud.
You remember we used to play
those car games?
Back when you were little?
Yeah. I remember.
Like "I Spy"...
-"Would You Rather"...
-That was my favorite.
You know. my sister and I.
we used to play 21 Questions
on road trips.
Do you remember that one?
Go on.
what do you say. Nathan?
-You wanna play?
-No thanks.
You know what? Let's play
anyway. without him.
-Yeah!
-I wanna play I Spy though.
I'll go first.
No. I'll go first.
- I'm gonna go first.
- Okay...
-Oh. my...
-Casey...
Get down. Nathan!
Nathan. get down! Stay down!
Don't shoot the engine!
We need that car!
- Move forward! Move!
- Who are they?
Marauders! Nathan. stay down!
Ah... Go. go.
It's okay. it's okay.
It's okay.
Nathan? Nathan? Nathan?
Nathan. are you okay?
You okay?
Okay. There you go.
May the Lord rise to meet you.
May the wind be always
at your back.
May the sun shine warm
upon your face.
And may the rains fall softly
upon your fields.
Why do people say prayers
at funerals?
It sounds like
you're wishing them well.
And they're dead.
Well. you are...
wishing them well.
It's an old tradition.
Same reason they put coins
over the eyes.
- Coins?
- Bribe the ferryman.
Crossing the river
to the world of the dead.
Even if they don't believe
in heaven?
in heaven.
Is that the English Channel?
It was.
Jesus.
My dad used to take us
over here to France
on a ferry when I was a kid.
-And that was all water?
-Oh. yeah.
Twenty miles of sea
from here to France.
There's so many battles.
there's so many wars
fought over this.
It's all gone.
Well. at least we don't have
to take a boat.
Exactly.
Let's get across this quick
and find a place
for the night.
Is that a Spanish galleon?
What are they all stopped for?
I don't know.
I guess we're leaving the car.
We're gonna cross that?
Yeah. We're gonna have to.
Watch your step now.
-I've got you.
-Come on!
Watch your step. Watch.
Don't look down.
- Ah!
- Careful!
Okay. Tighten up. everybody.
Make sure we're secure.
No. I can't. I can't do this.
I can't... I can't do this!
There's gotta be another way!
Nathan! Just put one foot
in front of the other.
Just follow me.
I'll go first. okay?
You've got this.
All right. come on.
-All right.
-You good?
-Okay. You've got this.
-Be careful.
Okay.
Just keep going! Go!
You good?
Go. go. go!
Ahhh!
Hang on!
-Everything okay?
-Yeah. Dad.
Come on. Atta boy.
Yeah.
Okay.
That's good.
Come on. you've got it!
You've got it!
Oh! Thank you.
Right. almost there.
Just a little bit more.
-You got it?
-Yeah.
-You good?
That's it.
Earthquake!
Get down!
-You've gotta be kidding me.
-We've gotta get off of here!
Let's go.
You go first. Allison.
I'll go behind Nathan.
Just stay focused.
That's it. You're okay!
That's it. There you go.
That's it. Nathan!
- The line is breaking!
- Hang on!
-Let's go!
-Get me off!
Keep moving!
Get me off of this!
Get me off!
Keep moving!
-It won't hold!
-No. no. no. no. no!
It won't hold!
- Stay there! No!
- No! No!
Nathan!
-Nathan!
-Dad. Dad!
Come on! Hold on!
You've got it! It's okay.
Please don't let me fall!
- Hold on!
- Nathan! Nathan!
Don't let me fall!
Come on! That's it!
It won't hold!
- Nathan! Keep moving!
- Come on!
Come on. you've gotta go.
That's it.
Come on. kiddo! Almost there.
Come on. Nathan!
Hurry!
Take my hand!
Don't look down!
Come on! Okay. let's go!
Let's go. Let's go. Nathan.
Come on! That's it.
Come on!
Oh. my God!
What the hell?
- Is that it?
- No. That's not it.
It's much further south.
It's totally dead.
What if the Clarke
crater's like this?
This could've been a fragment
that hit a week ago.
Or five years ago.
Hey...
This is what we're doing.
We're gonna keep going.
- Yeah.
- Okay.
Uh... English?
Who are you?
My name is. uh. John Garrity.
This is my wife. Allison.
My son. Nathan.
What are you doing here?
We're trying to get
to the Clarke Crater.
I am Denis Laurent.
Hi.
You look hungry.
We don't have
anything to trade.
Ah. but you do.
It's called company.
So. do you always
shoot at people?
It's a dangerous area.
You're lucky I found you.
Most people aren't so nice.
This is us.
What was this place?
This is
our mail sorting center.
Nobody tries to take
this from you?
They've tried.
This is your
power supply. You built this?
Yes. We draw power
from the solar panels
into the car's power bank.
and we have electricity.
It powers our air purifiers.
It's not perfect.
but it's the best we can do.
John. Allison. Nathan...
And my daughter. Camille.
Nice to meet you.
She does not speak.
Her nervous system.
The radiation
has taken its toll.
Very good.
-Yeah. c'est bon.
-It's good. yeah.
Closest thing you get to
a French restaurant today.
Thank you so much.
- It's great.
- Very good.
It's very nice
to have a home-cooked meal.
So. you are trying
to reach the crater?
-Yeah.
-Yeah. we are.
They say the crater
is La Terre Promise...
how you say...
The Promised Land.
Humanity's last chance.
It could be so.
We've also heard that...
maybe people have gone there.
That region is too dangerous.
The Western Alliance.
including remnants
of the French Army.
are defending it
from an invasion
by the Eastern Coalition.
who want to take the crater
for its resources.
There is heavy fighting
on the entire front.
From Lyon to Berne.
Only two cities left standing.
It is impossible
to get through.
Where'd you get
all these things?
My dad sometimes
will go outside
and try to find stuff that
was not completely destroyed.
So we could make a home.
Can I show you something?
Sure.
I made this in the bunker.
in Greenland.
It's. um. it's the sky
we can never see.
It's what we would have seen
if we... we could've seen.
You hold that end.
-Which one? Oh...
-Oh. sorry. Okay.
-You come down as well. yeah.
-Oh. okay.
So. these are the star signs.
Do you know what
star sign you are?
I think I'm Aquarius.
Oh. that's air.
-I'm a Pisces.
-Mmm...
So I'm a fish.
I read somewhere that...
that Pisces and Aquariuses
get along well.
Oh... hey.
Hi.
How long have you been up for?
-Most of the night.
-Oh...
Oh.
Hey. the night before
our wedding...
My dad took you aside
into this little side room
or whatever it was.
He told me he loved me.
Like a son.
What did he really say to you?
Oh. he made me
promise something.
That I would
take care of you...
until my last breath.
Oh. hey...
This one...
is more up to date than yours.
The Western Alliance
defends the crater
so people can live there
as a free society.
As I said last night.
this entire region
is a heavy war zone.
but there is a way around.
I recommend you take this way.
Clermont-Ferrand.
Then down to Valence.
Less fighting.
The crater is protected
by several mountain ranges.
Through the first.
there is only one way.
The pass.
It will be very difficult
to move through this area.
The pass is protected by
my friend's battalion.
of the Western Alliance.
So when you get there.
you will ask
for Commander Jeunet.
Jeunet.
And you will give him this.
He'll know I sent you.
He can get you through.
Thank you.
There is. uh. one more thing.
Oh. look...
I don't know what
awaits you at the crater.
But I am convinced
this is where
the world will be reborn.
Take Camille with you.
Please.
Take our daughter.
I couldn't do it myself.
My wife. she can't travel.
You see that.
I have yet to meet anyone else
I would trust with this.
I beg of you. John...
- I...
- I beg of you.
- Um...
- We'll take her.
We'll get her there.
It should be a straight
shot from here.
The pass is just before
the outside of the crater.
You guys okay?
Maybe we should stop.
Take a break.
Yeah.
Would you rather read minds
or be invisible?
Read minds.
Be invisible.
-Yeah.
Uh. would you rather
have really small hands.
or really big feet?
Big feet.
How do you walk with big feet?
-Yeah. Small hands.
-How does that work?
-Small hands.
-You already have small hands.
-I do not.
-Show me.
I have normal hands.
Look at yours.
-They're huge!
-No...
- See? Look.
- Normal. See?
Would you rather fight
50 chicken-sized horses
or one horse-sized chicken?
What?
Fifty horse-sized chickens?
-50 horse-sized chickens?
-That's...
- Fifty...
- Chicken-sized horses.
- What?
- You said chicken-sized...
- Okay!
To the crater?
You know
you're gonna have to go
through a war zone
to get there?
You'll never make it.
Maybe you can help us.
This pass is
the only way through.
Commander Jeunet
is stationed ahead.
Okay. follow me close.
Move as I move. okay?
-Okay.
-Come on.
Quickly! Quickly!
Down. down!
Let's go. let's go. let's go!
Come on. Nathan!
Follow me! Follow me! Run!
Run fast!
Keep moving!
Stay low!
Keep your head down!
Stop. Stop. stop. stop!
-Oh. my God...
-Get down!
Let's go. let's go. let's go!
Come on! Come on! Come on!
Come on!
Come on! Let's go!
Up to the bunker!
All right. go!
Go. go. go. go!
Nathan. head down!
Stay low!
-Jump. Nathan!
-Get down into the trench!
-John. you okay?
-Yeah. I'm okay.
-Okay. Come on. Let's go.
-Okay.
-Come on!
-Uh!
Go. go. go. go. go!
This way.
Up the ladder! Up the ladder!
-Let's go. let's go!
-Nathan. go. go. go!
All right. All right!
Get up! Get up!
-Go
-Hey...
Keep walking
through the forest
in that direction. all right?
Jeunet is the commander
of that area.
-All right?
-Okay.
I need to get back to my unit.
- Merci!
- Okay.
- Good luck!
- Thank you!
-Let's go.
-Thank you!
Bonne chance.
That must be their camp.
Those mountains.
They were never there before.
We're getting close
to the crater.
He's there.
Do you speak English?
Oui.
We're looking for.
uh. Commander Jeunet?
Her father. Denis Laurent.
is old friends
with Commander Jeunet.
and he said that
Commander Jeunet
would take us to the crater.
Come.
Commander Jeunet.
People wait days for that bus.
I'm sorry.
There is nothing
I can do for you.
Now. please leave my tent.
Is there somebody else
we can speak to
or we can talk to?
Get them out of here.
No. hey. No. hold on.
Hold on. Wait.
Please. let me. Plea...
Look. we've been
through a lot.
We're not gonna hurt anybody.
All we wanna do is get
to the crater. That's all.
I'm dying.
I don't know how much longer
and I...
I promised my family
that I'll get them to safety.
Please don't take this away
from us.
Please.
There's a
transport bus just past there.
It's bringing people
to the crater.
Luc will take you. Go now.
Thank you.
Bonne chance.
Insurgents!
All of you. stay on the bus!
- Oh! John!
- Start the bus!
This is our bus now!
Let's go!
Everybody off the bus!
Line up against the bus!
Move! Move!
I promised you I was gonna
get you to the crater.
Let's go!
- Go. go.
- Move!
- Follow me.
- Go. son. Go. It's all right.
- It'll be okay.
- Move!
You. let's go!
Get off the bus!
Move! Move!
Let's go!
Move! Off the bus!
No!
Oh. my God!
- Dad?
- Oh. my God!
Dad!
Dad. Dad!
I'm okay.
We've gotta get you help!
Oh. my God!
All right. we've gotta go.
There might be more of them.
I'll drive!
-Get up! Get up! Let's go!
-Okay.
It's okay.
Nathan.
keep pressure on it!
Push hard. Yeah.
It's okay. mate.
Ah. that's it.
That's it.
We're stuck.
Can you walk a little bit?
-Yeah.
-I'll hold onto that.
Oh. my God. it's real.
Oh. it's so beautiful.
Oh. yeah.
Hold on. Let me
take this in for a second.
Almost there.
It's just a little further.
We'll get you fixed up.
You're gonna be okay.
Yeah?
You did great. Dad.
We made it!
-We did it!
-Yeah.
Yeah. we did it.
What a view.
Think of the world
you could build here.
-John!
-Oh. yeah...
John...
John?
Thank you.
For being my girl.
May the...
May the roads
rise up to meet you.
May the... May the wind
always be at your back.
May the...
May the sun shine warm
upon your face.
And the rain fall.
fall softly upon your fields.
Travel safe. Dad.
You have a chance
to start over again.
The chance to build
a better place.
A better world.
One led by kindness
and compassion
and understanding.
One not just worth living in.
but living for.
And though I won't
see the sun rise...
you will.
And you'll carry that light
with you.
because that's what
we're built for.
Tomorrow belongs to you.
To all of you.
Safe journey on.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org